Welcome back all.
So now that we have prepared all the components that we will need we can deal with the child around
us before we basically configured all the routes in the apparatus.
DART Yes.
And this is fine for some general configuration and we indeed can register all of our routes there but
our mom our module account would not really be reusable because the configuration for its routes is
outside somewhere.
So we will if we were to use it anywhere else we would basically be missing a vital part of the accounts.
So we will instead create a file inside of the account folder where we shall define all the routes for
this module and then we shall simply import them into apt our routes and then we can use them there
and play around with them and so on and so forth.
So let's go ahead and create account that route start ups
county road type D s and that's going to go ahead and create this file for us.
Now we need to go ahead and implemented
first into import.
And I'm really stupid for actually not having a file from which to capitis are going to have to type
it in router config.
From ups
and killers router.
There we go.
So this is basically an array of routes and every route is an object that describes one of the routing
routes.
So to say I use it I have explained this before and you'll see down below how it actually looks like
once you see the shape of it it becomes a lot clearer than the actual explanation.
So import this is nothing new.
So count Peronne and we have imported this plenty of times from and this is going to be a counter component
and Double-O will actually utilize some of our newly created files.
So these will be Moul
list list component.
And then it's going to be from
that list of component
OK.
And we're going to import the Create component as well so
import
components from
create dead component.
OK.
There we go.
Next up we're going to go ahead and export a we're going to create a constant array and then we're going
to go ahead and export it.
Why Konst.
Well because we don't want it to be changed at all ever by anyone else for commerce routes
router config Cool's
and now we're going to get the spelling is right.
So the first part is very similar to before code so Coomber this is basically D U R L for the route
to slash or call it when you type it on the website like Slash accounts like before that demo that I
did for you you will be ending up here.
And we need to specify the component which marks we need.
Basically this line will mark the component which will be shown
just specify the code component here but the account component will be displayed within the app component.
So it's kind of a nested thing.
Component count component displays a comma here and now we're going to do something.
Oh whoa.
Need this.
Excellent.
And now we're going to do something new.
So we're going to specify children here and these children will be basically the sub sub routes of this
route.
So children
should be
set
component.
OK.
So one will be for the list of accounts and the other one will be to create an account of Perth
the
component a Cobar here and what we see over here and now we need a third one and the third one will
be the default one when you basically type in the slash accounts.
So where will the redirect occur.
So it needs to go somewhere or it can't go nowhere.
So we're just going to place like this empty can redirect to the default one I'm going to see that that's
going to be list K so I'm still getting a red flag for some strange reason.
I mean just go ahead and fix that quick real fast.
There we go.
So that's the that's the thing that we need to do.
And look when you list in combination with the cons basically it looks like this.
So account slash list when this is typed into the onto the screen.
That's what accounts slash list.
When this is typed into the RL address bar along with the Along with the rest of the address before
this which is basically the address the domain of the site.
You will go to the list when you do slash create you go to create.
And when you UPS
when you just do desk accounts then you go to the list you're automatically redirected.
I am behaving in a very strange way today with these random keyboard strikes.
OK so that would be it as far as this file is concerned.
It just needs a semi-colon at the end and a to press control less to actually save it.
Now this has become far more portable.
And the next thing we all need to do is readjust our app dot routes dot ts.
So where is it data.
Yes.
OK there we go.
This is the file which we will need to modify a little but so nothing.
Nothing too drastic.
So this line will basically need to go.
Well actually I'm going to rather instead just modified Prout's as
outs and from
canim
routes.
OK.
So this should be correct.
Next up we're going to need to go ahead and delete this because this is a go away and this is no longer
being defined here in this fashion.
And prouder providers of stays the same.
Now there is only one thing of importance here.
One key thing that looks that will look a little bit weird counter-protests.
So what did I just do here.
First of all I have a some sort of variable route's here and I have some sort of variable route's here
so they both have the same names and I would like to use this one.
The contents of this one.
Here how can I do that when there will be conflict between the names of the variables.
Will they simply import routes as something else under a different name.
You import it under a different name.
So I have imported it under the name of account routes and there you go.
Sure enough I have used that here but I have also specified the three dots since route's here is a type
product config and it's an array and the same applies for this one here.
This is base.
This is an array.
I don't want to import an array into an array.
I want to take the elements of this array which are its routes and I want to take those routes and put
them here into the into this into this array.
So in order to do that and you type in three dots the name of the variable and this will pool the elements
of the array and place them into here.
It won't actually pull the array itself as an array rather instead it will pool the elements of the
array and place them here so I get a listing of routes.
This is I didn't there was no need for me to do it this way.
But I believe it is something of importance that you should know that you can import variables under
different names as on bigger projects.
It is inevitable that the names of the variables will be will come to be in a state of collision or
they will overlap one another and no you won't be able to change them in the other file because the
other file is managed by a different person and you don't have rights to modify it but you do depend
on it.
So you need to manage with these small tricks anyway going to bid you farewell and hope to see you in
the follow up.